


Space-filling designs can be very effective at representing the parameter space. The default design used by the tune package is the maximum entropy design. 
These tend to produce grids that cover the candidate space well and drastically increase the chances of finding good results.

Many of the predictors have skewed distributions. Since PCA is variance based, extreme values can have a detrimental effect on these calculations. 
To counter this, let’s add a recipe step estimating a Yeo-Johnson transformation for each predictor (Yeo and Johnson 2000). 
While originally intended as a transformation of the outcome, it can also be used to estimate transformations that encourage more symmetric distributions. 
This step step_YeoJohnson() occurs in the recipe just prior to the initial normalization via step_normalize(). 
Then, let’s combine this feature engineering recipe with our neural network model specification mlp_spec.

In step_pca(), using zero PCA components is a shortcut to skip the feature extraction. 
In this way, the original predictors can be directly compared to the results that include PCA components.

Generally, it is a good idea to evaluate the models over multiple metrics so that different aspects of the model fit are taken into account. 
Also, it often makes sense to choose a slightly suboptimal parameter combination that is associated with a simpler model. 
For this model, simplicity corresponds to larger penalty values and/or fewer hidden units.

This chapter discussed the two main classes of grid search (regular and non-regular) that can be used for model tuning and demonstrated how to construct these grids, 
either manually or using the family of grid_*() functions. The tune_grid() function can evaluate these candidate sets of model parameters using resampling. 
The chapter also showed how to finalize a model, recipe, or workflow to update the parameter values for the final fit. 
Grid search can be computationally expensive, but thoughtful choices in the experimental design of such searches can make them tractable.
